Orient weather
Sixth event
The left wing is attacking the buildings near the factory.
The smoke is coming out.
The enemy's main force is attacking the buildings.
The smoke is coming out and the enemy is attacking the buildings.
The fire is spreading.
The wind is blowing from right to left.
The fire in Kagashimu is trying to destroy the building in Kagatani.
In this direction, the right wing of the island does not have a house.
However, there is a concrete-like building attached to the fortress.
The enemy's main force is attacking the building.
The fire is burning in the clear sky.
The smoke is spreading.
The fire is spreading.
The fire is spreading...
...and burning.
A Seki-tani
Exactly and properly.
L enrollment to the everywhere parliaments at 7.N.
General Yato, call Lieutenant by arr 그대로.
President of All Ye Mashing
the 12th of December.
...9 issue 1 4.
The schoolности havehsturled uncon unterschied temples about Hong Kong.
On May 5th, 1750,
we cordiallyTT
announce the entrant before the court
The meeting is under 19-30 minutes.
Order your division Godzilla.
My Heaven's theatre, the Military round.
Brigadier General Sakai-Taka on the Front.
The commander of the Navy is Masai Chinari.